Works under the direct supervision of the Project Superintendent, Assistant Superintendent, and Carpenters. Performs tasks involving physical labour for JBR Construction construction projects. May be required to operate hand and power tools of all types: air hammers, earth tampers, cement mixers, small mechanical hoists, surveying and measuring equipment, and a variety of other equipment and instruments. May clean and prepare sites, dig trenches, set braces to support the sides of excavations, erect scaffolding, and clean up rubble, debris and other waste materials. May assist other construction workers.

DUTIES:

Clean and prepare construction sites to eliminate possible hazards.
Take instruction from Superintendent to determine work activities.
Signal equipment operators to facilitate alignment, movement, or adjustment of machinery, equipment, or materials.
Smooth or finish freshly poured cement or concrete, using floats, trowels, screeds, or powered cement finishing tools.
Dig ditches or trenches, backfill excavations, or compact and level earth to grade specifications, using picks, shovels, pneumatic tampers, or rakes.
Position, join, align, or seal structural components, such as concrete wall sections or pipes.
Measure, mark, or record openings or distances to layout areas where construction work will be performed.
Load, unload, or identify building materials, machinery, or tools, distributing them to the appropriate locations, according to project plan or specifications.
Erect or dismantle scaffolding, shoring, braces, traffic barricades, ramps, or temporary structures.
Mop, brush, or spread paints, cleaning solutions, or other compounds over surfaces to clean them or to provide protection.
Grind, scrape, sand, or polish surfaces such as concrete, marble, terrazzo, or wood flooring, using abrasive tools or machines.
Mix ingredients to create compounds for covering or cleaning surfaces.
Apply caulking compounds by hand or caulking guns to protect against entry of water or air.
Assist in any tasks required by site superintendent or carpenters.
KNOWLEDGE SKILLS & ABILITIES:

Previous experience in the construction industry. Some or little experience operating power tools, and using standard construction tools. Able to take direct instruction, perform tasks in a timely manner, be physically fit to move and carry heavy objects.

ENVIRONMENT AND PHYSICAL EFFORT REQUIRED:

Work is sometimes strenuous. Prolonged standing, climbing, bending, lifting, twisting and kneeling are often necessary. There is a risk of injury working with sharp or rough materials, using sharp tools and power equipment, and from slips or falls. Involves working outdoors in all types of weather.

REQUIREMENTS FOR SAFETY GEAR:

Must provide appropriate safety gear on job site.

Hard Hat must be worn at all times on any work area where there is a danger of head injury from falling, flying or thrown objects, or other harmful contacts.
Properly fitting safety eyewear must be worn appropriate to the conditions of the workplace if handling or exposed to materials which are likely to injure or irritate the eyes.
Steel toe protective footwear must be worn at all times to illuminate factors: slipping, uneven terrain, abrasion, ankle protection and foot support, crushing potential, temperature extremes, corrosive substances, puncture hazards, electrical shock and any other recognizable hazard.
Heavy duty work gloves
Hi vis vest
If there is a danger of injury, contamination or infection to a worker's hands, arms, legs, or torso, the worker must wear properly fitting protective equipment appropriate to the work being done and the hazards involved.
TOOLS:

Work belt
Hammer
Nail puller
Tape measure
Job Type: Full-time

Experience:

Skilled Labor: 1 year 
Construction: 1 year 