FRANK SCOTT
100 Royal Worcester Drive
London, England W1T 1JY Mobile: 7700 900129
Tel: (020) 7123 4567 frank-scott@email.com
SUMMARY
Skilled Construction Worker who thrives independently or as a team member. Proactive in maintaining a safe and productive environment. Physically fit and effective at completing difficult projects and tasks on schedule with consistent follow-through on all instructions.

HIGHLIGHTS
Accurate measurements and estimates
Residential construction
Blueprint reading
Exceptional problem solver
Carpentry experience
Plumbing and HVAC knowledge
Construction machinery operation
Pipe laying
Friendly and hardworking
Detail-orientated
EXPERIENCE
Sampson Builders 1/1/2011 to Current Construction Worker
London

Perform heavy labour such as ditch digging, paving, and haulling.
Install and repair roofs, flashings, and surfaces.
Assist skilled workers with construction projects in all phases of rough and finish carpentry.
Build and disassemble scaffolds, bracing, and barricades.
Mentor junior team members, providing guidance on proper techniques and safety.
Quillen Construction Group 9/1/2007 to 12/1/2011 Construction Worker
London

Painted exteriors and interiors of buildings using spray guns, brushes, and rollers.
Assisted in caulking pipe joints to properly seal them.
Used pick and shovel to dig, spread, and level dirt and gravel.
Arranged and stored materials, machines, tools, and equipment.
Completed indoor and outdoor residential and commercial construction projects.
Reliant Builders 3/1/2003 to 8/1/2007 Construction Worker
London

Completed tear-down of existing structures and prepared for new construction.
Dug trenches, backfilled holes and compacted earth to prepare for new construction.
Consistently assumed additional tasks and worked extended hours to meet project deadlines.
Monitored inventory and reported items to be restocked for each job.
Prepared and cleaned construction sites by removing debris.


CERTIFICATIONS
NCCER and OSHA Certified






